SPEAKER: channel_1
I have the pleasure to present to you Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.. I am happy to, John, with you today in what will go down in history as the greatest demonstration for freedom in the history of our nation. Five score years ago, a great American in whose symbolic shadow we stand today signed the Emancipation Proclamation. This momentous decree came as a great beacon light of hope to millions of Negro slaves who had been seared in the flames of withering injustice. It came as a joyous daybreak to end the long night of their captivity. But one hundred years later, the Negro still is not free. One hundred years later, the life of the Negro is still sadly crippled by the manacles of segregation and the chains of discrimination. One hundred years later, the Negro lives on a lonely island of poverty. I have a dream that one day this nation will rise up, live out the true meaning of its creed. We hold these truths to be self-evident that all men are created. I have a dream that one day you draw your sons of former slaves, some former slave owners, will they be able to sit down together at the table of brotherhood? I have a dream that one day. Given the state of Mississippi, a state sweltering with the heat of injustice, sweltering with the heat of oppression being transformed into an oasis of freedom and justice, I have a dream. My four little children will one day live in a nation where they will not be judged by the color of their skin, but by the content of their character. I have a dream that one day in Alabama, with its vicious racists, with its governor having his lips dripping with the words slip into position and nullification, one day right back in Alabama, little black boys and black girls will be able to join hands with little white boys and white girls and sisters and brothers. I will. Every valley shall be a top, every hill and mountain shall be made in the rough, places will be made plain and the crooked places will be made straight. So fear of pain, but I to the with with this faith, we will be able to get out of the mountain of despair, a stone of hope. With this faith, we will be able to transform the jangling discords abomination into a beautiful symphony of brotherhood. We will be able to work together, to pray together, to struggle together, to go to jail, together, to stand up for freedom together. Knowing that we will one day. They will oh of. To be able to sing with new meaning, my country, tis of thee, sweet land of liberty, of VRC, land where my fathers died, land of the pilgrim's pride from every mountainside, let freedom ring and Americans to be a great nation, this must become true. And so let freedom ring from the prodigious hilltops of New Hampshire. Let freedom ring from the mighty mountains of New York. Let freedom ring from the heightening Alleghenies of Pennsylvania. Let freedom ring from the snow capped Rockies of Colorado. Let freedom ring from the curvaceous slopes of California. But not only that. Let freedom ring from Stone Mountain of Georgia. Let freedom ring from. Look at the mountain of Tennessee. Freedom ring from every hill and molehill in Mississippi. When we let it ring from every village, in every hamlet, from every state and every city, we will be able to speed up that day with all of our children, black men and white men, Jews and Gentiles, Protestants and Catholics will be able to join hands and sing in the way of the old Negro spiritual free at last.
SPEAKER: channel_2
I have the pleasure to present to you Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.. I am happy to, John, with you today in what will go down in history as the greatest demonstration for freedom in the history of our nation. Five score years ago, a great American in whose symbolic shadow we stand today signed the Emancipation Proclamation. This momentous decree came as a great beacon light of hope to millions of Negro slaves who had been seared in the flames of withering injustice. It came as a joyous daybreak to end the long night of their captivity. But one hundred years later, the Negro still is not free. One hundred years later, the life of the Negro is still sadly crippled by the manacles of segregation and the chains of discrimination. One hundred years later, the Negro lives on a lonely island of poverty. I have a dream that one day this nation will rise up, live out the true meaning of its creed. We hold these truths to be self-evident that all men are created. I have a dream that one day you draw the sons of former slaves under the sons of former slave owners, will they be able to sit down together at the table of brotherhood? I have a dream that one day. Given the state of Mississippi, a state sweltering with the heat of injustice, sweltering with the heat of oppression being transformed into an oasis of freedom and justice, I have a dream. My four little children will one day live in a nation where they will not be judged by the color of their skin, but by the content of their character. I have a dream that one man in Alabama with its vicious racists, with its having his lips dripping with the words of interposition another vacation one day. That in Alabama, little black boys and black girls will be able to join hands with little white boys and girls as sisters and brothers. I have a dream. Every bad shall be exalted, every hill and mountain should be made up, places will be made plain, and the crooked places will be made straight and to be revealed, it shall see it together. Assad will win this battle. We will be able to hew out of the mountain of despair, of stone the poor. With this faith, we will be able to transform the jangling discords abomination into a beautiful symphony of brotherhood. With this faith, we will be able to work together, to pray together, to struggle together, to go to jail, together, to stand up for freedom, together, knowing. We will one day day with all we've got to be able to sing with new meaning, my country tis of thee. Sweet Land of Liberty, VRC, land where my fathers died, land of the Pilgrim's Pride from every mountainside, let freedom ring and Americans to be a great nation, this must become true. So let freedom ring from the four-digit hilltops of New Hampshire. Let freedom ring from the mighty mountains of New York. Let freedom ring from the analogy is of Pennsylvania. Let freedom ring from the small cap Rockies of Colorado. Let freedom ring from the curvaceous slopes of California. But not only that, let freedom ring from Stone Mountain of Georgia. Let freedom ring from. Look, I'd love to have Tennessee. Let freedom ring from every hill and molehill in Mississippi. From every hamlet, every state in every city, we will be able to speed up that day with all of our children, not many. White men, Jews and Gentiles, Protestants and Catholics will be able to join hands and sing in the way of the only both spiritual free at last laugh.