SPEAKER: channel_1
You have Richard Safaga. This is Donna. I'll be assisting you with your inquiries today. Please be informed that this call is being recorded and monitored for quality assurance purposes. How may I help you? Well, I bought I got the essence of argon oil for shipping and handling costs to find 99 a sample of it. And if I want to cancel the order, I had to do it within two days. And so that is what I want. I wanted to do. I didn't want to. I didn't want to get, you know, like a month away for what is it? Eighty three dollars a month. I can't afford that. I didn't have plumbing. I'm happy to assist you for me to be able to pull up your subscription because you can offer me your first and your last name. Carolyn C.A.R. in Lake Katie Allawite. EL HKT. Yes. I just go ahead to pull up here, subscription here. OK. That could backfire. Even that is. lake. 3 9 2 1 at Hotmail dot com tablature shipping address. 310 Mawn Avenue number two. Gillette, Wyoming, 8 2 7 1 6 is your shipping at the same building? Atavus. Correct. How about your phone number? 3 0 7 6 8 0 2 0 6 8. Okay, thank you very much for that. Information is like asking me the other reason why you want to cancel the subscription. Well, I just I thought I was just getting a sample order of it. Always curious. How it worked and everything. Yes. I mean, not all of it, but. Not all of it, but I have. I have been using it. I do understand that mostly this is what I can do for you. For you to be able to maximize or enjoy the benefits of are going to extend your pre-trial for another 15 days with no choice. At least you do have 15 days to enjoy the product and then give us a call back before the end of the additional hour extension to give us the feedback. Because what I heard from you is that you haven't used a product that much. So you're not here. Did not yet get the benefits of it. The reason why extending your. Period. Your pre-trial for you to be able to enjoy this called the benefits of so far. Okay. Okay. Would that be okay? Let me check here. So you're already extended your pre-trial. It will end on August 24th. So you need to give us a call before August 24th to give us feedback if you know what happened to the product. If it's something you know, it gives you the benefit you need. But let's say you love the product and liked the product. You could give us a call back that will be automatically. You will be receiving another bottle for your monthly subscription and one set up call. I heard you are not your feeling about the price, which is $83. Okay, so what I can do for you is, aside from extending your pre-trial for another 15 days and also giving you my employee discount, which is 20 percent discount. So instead of paying $82 and eight cents, who's going to pay only $67 said faucets? How about that? I can't I can't afford that. Okay. This is this is my maximum employer discount, a 40 percent employee discount. I'll give it to you. It's actually a lifetime employer discount. So instead of paying eighty three dollars and eighty cents or just be paying $50 and 28 cents. No, I can't. I can't. I cannot do that. I'd like to. I wanted to ask you to. Go ahead. How often in my use that at night or. Yes, as long as you want it, just use it at night. Yes. As long as you want. As long as you need it. Oh, okay, okay. I just I can't afford it. Sure. Thank you. Thank you very much for your patients awaiting this leak. Okay. I talked to my supervisor and she asked me what a man would feel, the pride that would be more affordable for you and make you continue subscription with this. Oh. We will ask you see $15, but that's okay. No way. That's great given you my employer, discard the 40 percent. Right. So my supervisor can give you another 40 percent. So that's the equivalent of 80 percent. So instead of being $82 an 8 percent, what you will be paying is only $16 and 76 cents every month for everybody. How about that? Bush sounds great. Okay, that's great. I'm extending your pre-trial until August 24th. After August 24th, you will be charged only sixteen dollars and seventy six cents. Okay. So every month you will be paying. You will be receiving a bottle of God and you will be enjoying the benefits of the product. But you will be only paying sixteen dollars and seventy six cents. Okay. Okay. Okay. So dad's case. So just for a recap, Miss Lake, I extend your pre-trial for another 15 days and it's going to be aired on August 24th so you can give us a call back within that period of time to give us feedback. But if what I've said, if you enjoy the product, it gives you the benefit of the amazing benefits of the product. You don't need to give us a call back. It will be automatically you will be receiving a subscription every month, but you will be only paying $16 is 76 cents because you already give you our employee discount of 85 cents for life. Okay. Okay. All right. Okay. So is there anything else we can help you? No. That would be it. So we value your business. Thank you for calling. Essence, if I have a great day. You, too. Bye bye.